Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#1343)
ocaml/ocaml.org: CONTRIBUTING.md

 - [Google Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse/), [WAVE](https://wave.webaim.org/) and [Pa11y](https://github.com/pa11y/pa11y): these are all tools for checking accessibility standards.
 
 ### WSL and some common errors while building the site in WSL
   Windows subsystem for linux(WSL) is an optional feature of Windows 10 that allows Linux programs to run natively on Windows. It also allows you to run Linux command-line tools and apps alongside your Windows command-line, and to access your Windows files from within Linux.
   to install WSL succesfully, you can use this guide : https://www.omgubuntu.co.uk/how-to-install-wsl2-on-windows-10 
   
   here are some common errors while building the site on WSL:
 #### Errors while running opam init:
1)the newer versions of opam are using bwrap for sandboxing, which is not supported by WSL. instead you can try `opam init --disable-sandboxing` to make it work.
2)opam init usually gives errors which says-
```Do you want opam to modify ~/.profile? [N/y/f]
(default is 'no', use 'f' to choose a different file)

> ```

Reviewer: Saying that this is an error might generate confusion. It is a question prompt rather than an error :) This question should be answered typing `y`+`Enter`. Using the flag `-a` (as you suggest) is also great: it skips the question and does the same as answering the question with `y`+`Enter` would do.

> ```

Reviewer: Saying that this is an error might generate confusion. It is a question prompt rather than an error :) This question should be answered typing `y`+`Enter`. Using the flag `-a` (as you suggest) is also great: it skips the question and does the same as answering the question with `y`+`Enter` would do.

> this can be corrected by using `opam init --disable-sandboxing -a`. -a does auto-setup for opam init.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

This can be corrected by using `opam init --disable-sandboxing -a`. `-a` does auto-setup for `opam init`.

```

> 3) you can also face errors like -

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. You can also face errors like:
```

> ```make sure that ~/. profile is well sourced with in your ~/. bashrc.

Reviewer 2: Here you need to move the statement in the next line, otherwise it won't show up in the markdown.

```
to resolve this the easiest way is to run : `rm -rf /home/(your linux username)/.opam` and re-run `opam init`. after this you'll be good to go :)

 #### Errors while running make deps :
1) make deps can usually give errors like-

> ```The following actions failed

Reviewer 2: You need to move `The following actions failed` to the next line, for it to show up in markdown :)

 
 ### WSL and some common errors while building the site in WSL
   Windows subsystem for linux(WSL) is an optional feature of Windows 10 that allows Linux programs to run natively on Windows. It also allows you to run Linux command-line tools and apps alongside your Windows command-line, and to access your Windows files from within Linux.
   to install WSL succesfully, you can use this guide : https://www.omgubuntu.co.uk/how-to-install-wsl2-on-windows-10 
   
   Here are some common errors while building the site on WSL:
 #### Errors while running opam init:
1. The newer versions of opam are using bwrap for sandboxing, which is not supported by WSL. instead you can try `opam init --disable-sandboxing` to make it work.
2. `opam init` might ask you a question which says:
```
Do you want opam to modify ~/.profile? [N/y/f]
(default is 'no', use 'f' to choose a different file)
```
This can be corrected by using `opam init --disable-sandboxing -a`. `-a` does auto-setup for `opam init` .

> 3.  You can also face errors like:

Reviewer 2: You need to move this 3 to a new line, you can see the markdown and how it looks here: https://github.com/ocaml/ocaml.org/blob/646da765f118dff605436bdca040f36c3b8ebf33/CONTRIBUTING.md

```
make sure that ~/. profile is well sourced with in your ~/. bashrc.
```
To resolve this the easiest way is to run : `rm -rf /home/(your linux username)/.opam` and re-run `opam init`. after this you'll be good to go :)

 #### Errors while running make deps :

> 1. `make deps` can usually give errors like:

Reviewer 2: This doesn't really need the numbered list :)

```
The following actions failed
│ λ build conf-gmp    3
│ λ build conf-libssl 3
```
To resolve this , you can manually install libgmp-dev and libssl-dev using apt. like running `apt install libgmp-dev` and `apt install libssl-dev`. after this you can run make deps succesfully. then run make .
If both `make deps` && `make` fails somehow , you can do make deps manually.

For any further difficulties you can follow the following guides (these include multiple errors and their solutions)

>      1. https://github.com/janestreet/install-ocaml

Reviewer 2: You have to add a new line for the numbered list to show up :) You can go through the markdown guide here: https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/ for more help.

 - [Chrome Dev Tools](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools) or [Firefox Dev Tools](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Tools): both sets of tools make it much easier to inspect HTML, CSS and Javascript in a running website. 
 - [Google Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse/), [WAVE](https://wave.webaim.org/) and [Pa11y](https://github.com/pa11y/pa11y): these are all tools for checking accessibility standards.
 
 ### WSL and some common errors while building the site in WSL

>    Windows subsystem for linux(WSL) is an optional feature of Windows 10 that allows Linux programs to run natively on Windows. It also allows you to run Linux command-line tools and apps alongside your Windows command-line, and to access your Windows files from within Linux.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) is an optional feature of Windows 10 that allows Linux programs to run natively on Windows. It also allows you to run Linux command-line tools and apps alongside your Windows command-line, and to access your Windows files from within Linux.
```

   To install WSL succesfully, you can use this guide : https://www.omgubuntu.co.uk/how-to-install-wsl2-on-windows-10 
   
   Here are some common errors while building the site on WSL:
 #### Errors while running opam init:
1. The newer versions of opam are using bwrap for sandboxing, which is not supported by WSL. Instead you can try `opam init --disable-sandboxing` to make it work.
2. `opam init` might ask you a question which says:
```
Do you want opam to modify ~/.profile? [N/y/f]
(default is 'no', use 'f' to choose a different file)
```
This can be corrected by using `opam init --disable-sandboxing -a`. `-a` does auto-setup for `opam init` .

> 3.  You can also face errors like:
> ```
> make sure that ~/. profile is well sourced with in your ~/. bashrc.
> ```
> To resolve this the easiest way is to run : `rm -rf /home/(your linux username)/.opam` and re-run `opam init`. After this you'll be good to go :)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

I'll go ahead and remove this particular suggestion -- we definitely don't want to recommend that users run `rm -rf`, as that can lead to accidental data loss very easily.

 #### Errors while running make deps :

>  `make deps` can usually give errors like:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

`make deps` can occasionally give errors such as:
```

```
The following actions failed
│ λ build conf-gmp    3
│ λ build conf-libssl 3
```

> To resolve this , you can manually install libgmp-dev and libssl-dev using apt. Like running `apt install libgmp-dev` and `apt install libssl-dev`. After this you can run `make deps` succesfully followed by `make` .

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

To resolve this on Debian, you can manually install libgmp-dev and libssl-dev using apt; for example by running `apt-get install libgmp-dev libssl-dev`. After this you can re-run `make deps` followed by `make` .
```

Specify that this workaround is for Debian.
